README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm David Ekpo</h1>
<h3 align="center">Building Data-Driven Business Solutions for the Future of Work.</h3>

<p align="center">
<img  alt="Coding" width="600" src="https://github.com/dekpo23/dekpo23/blob/master/Nft%20Coding%20GIF.gif">
</p>

Welcome to my GitHub page!
I am an AI Engineer with years of experience building and deploying intelligent systems using Python and modern machine-learning frameworks. My expertise spans machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision, LLMs, and model deployment.

I work extensively with frameworks such as FastAPI, spaCy, XGBoost, PyTorch, TensorFlow, and others. I also have strong knowledge of the inner workings of transformers and large language models, including training, inference optimization, and deployment workflows.

Please, use this section to assist yourself with navigation.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **[Developing an intelligent Mathematics Teaching Assistant capable of explaining mathematical concepts, guiding students through problem-solving, and generating step-by-step solutions.](https://github.com/dekpo23/Maths_Assistant_Chatbot)**
- 👯 Connect with me to collaborate on **Data-Driven Projects**
- 📫 I'm easily reachable on **jofesdavid@gmail.com**
- 👨‍💻 Want to know more about me? Visit **[My Website](https://github.com/dekpo23)** or **[My Resume](https://github.com/dekpo23/dekpo23/blob/master/Ekpo-David-Friday.pdf)**


## Projects

Here are some projects I’ve worked on — click on the links to explore the code:

| Project Name | Description | Link |
|--------------|-------------|------|
| Tax-Assistant | A tool/assistant related to tax tasks | https://github.com/dekpo23/Tax-Assistant |
| RAGS_tutorial | Jupyter Notebook tutorial on RAGS | https://github.com/dekpo23/RAGS_tutorial |
| Investment Analysis Chatbot | Chatbot for investment insights | https://github.com/dekpo23/Investment_Analysis_Chatbot |
| Customer Support Chatbot | Chatbot for customer support simulations | https://github.com/dekpo23/Customer_Support_Chatbot |
| RAG_with_Tools | Notebook on RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) with tools | https://github.com/dekpo23/RAG_with_Tools |
| Maths Assistant Chatbot | Python-based math help assistant | https://github.com/dekpo23/Maths_Assistant_Chatbot |
| Churn Prediction with MLP | Neural network churn prediction | https://github.com/dekpo23/Churn-prediction-with-Multi-layer-Perceptron |
| Offline-GPT | Offline GPT implementation | https://github.com/dekpo23/Offline-GPT |
| California Housing Prediction | Neural network for housing price prediction | https://github.com/dekpo23/California-Housing-Prices-Prediction-Neural-Networks- |
| Loan Default Prediction | Notebook for loan default modeling | https://github.com/dekpo23/Loan_default_prediction |
| Easy Visa Classification | Classification model for visa outcomes | https://github.com/dekpo23/Easy-Visa-Classification |
| Home Loan EDA | Exploratory data analysis for home loans | https://github.com/dekpo23/Home_Loan_Exploratory_Data_Analysis |
| Employee Management | Python project for employee management | https://github.com/dekpo23/Employee_Management |
| Calculator | Simple Python calculator project | https://github.com/dekpo23/calculator |
| APIs | Notebook showing API examples | https://github.com/dekpo23/APIs |
| FastApis | FastAPI project | https://github.com/dekpo23/FastApis |
| ContactSaver | Python project for saving contacts | https://github.com/dekpo23/ContactSaver |





<h1>Connect with me</h1>

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/David%20Ekpo-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-ekpo-4b553718a/)



<!--
![Type of ML](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML%20TYPE-MULTIVARIATE%20REGRESSION-red?style=for-the-badge)

<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/israel__bassey" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="israel__bassey" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/israel-bassey-828188163" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="israel-bassey-828188163" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.behance.net/israelbassey" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/behance.svg" alt="israelbassey" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>-->


<h1 align="left">Languages, Tools & Frameworks:</h1>


<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://www.langchain.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=for-the-badge&logo=chainlink&logoColor=white" alt="langchain" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangGraph-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=graph&logoColor=white" alt="langgraph" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://modelcontextprotocol.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MCP-FF6F61?style=for-the-badge&logo=probot&logoColor=white" alt="mcp" height="40"/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/fastapi/fastapi-original.svg" alt="fastapi" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.terraform.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/terraform/terraform-original.svg" alt="terraform" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=basseyisrael&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="basseyisrael" /></p>

<!--<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=basseyisrael&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="basseyisrael" /></p>-->

<!--<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=basseyisrael&" alt="basseyisrael" /></p>-->

Commit message:

Revise projects section with featured projects
Updated the projects section to feature new projects and improved descriptions.

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm David Ekpo</h1>
<h3 align="center">Building Data-Driven Business Solutions for the Future of Work.</h3>

<p align="center">
<img  alt="Coding" width="600" src="https://github.com/dekpo23/dekpo23/blob/master/Nft%20Coding%20GIF.gif">
</p>

Welcome to my GitHub page!
I am an AI Engineer with years of experience building and deploying intelligent systems using Python and modern machine-learning frameworks. My expertise spans machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision, LLMs, and model deployment.

I work extensively with frameworks such as FastAPI, spaCy, XGBoost, PyTorch, TensorFlow, and others. I also have strong knowledge of the inner workings of transformers and large language models, including training, inference optimization, and deployment workflows.

Please, use this section to assist yourself with navigation.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **[Developing an intelligent Mathematics Teaching Assistant capable of explaining mathematical concepts, guiding students through problem-solving, and generating step-by-step solutions.](https://github.com/dekpo23/Maths_Assistant_Chatbot)**
- 👯 Connect with me to collaborate on **Data-Driven Projects**
- 📫 I'm easily reachable on **jofesdavid@gmail.com**
- 👨‍💻 Want to know more about me? Visit **[My Website](https://github.com/dekpo23)** or **[My Resume](https://github.com/dekpo23/dekpo23/blob/master/Ekpo-David-Friday.pdf)**


## Featured Projects

Here are some projects I’ve worked on — click on the links to explore the code:



| Project Name | Description | Link |
|--------------|-------------|------|
| **AwaSabi** | AI-powered multilingual learning system for Nigerian indigenous languages featuring translation and TTS. | [Link](https://github.com/AjeeAI/Awarri-hackathon) |
| **Maths Assistant Chatbot** | Python-based math help assistant designed to guide students through problem-solving steps. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Maths_Assistant_Chatbot) |
| **Tax-Assistant** | A specialized LLM tool designed to assist with tax-related tasks and queries. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Tax-Assistant) |
| **Investment Analysis** | An intelligent chatbot providing data-driven investment insights and financial analysis. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Investment_Analysis_Chatbot) |
| **Churn Prediction** | Neural network model utilizing Multi-layer Perceptron to predict customer churn. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Churn-prediction-with-Multi-layer-Perceptron) |
| **RAG with Tools** | Implementation of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) using various external tools and agents. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/RAG_with_Tools) |
| **Easy Visa Classification** | Machine learning classification model used to predict visa application outcomes. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Easy-Visa-Classification) |
| **California Housing** | Neural network project focused on predicting housing prices using geographic and economic data. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/California-Housing-Prices-Prediction-Neural-Networks-) |
| **Offline-GPT** | A project exploring the implementation of Generative Pre-trained Transformers in offline environments. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Offline-GPT) |
| **FastAPIs** | A repository showcasing backend development and API integration using the FastAPI framework. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/FastApis) |
| **Loan Default Prediction** | Data science project focused on modeling and predicting the likelihood of loan defaults. | [Link](https://github.com/dekpo23/Loan_default_prediction) |
| **ContactSaver** | Python project for saving contacts | https://github.com/dekpo23/ContactSaver |





<h1>Connect with me</h1>

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/David%20Ekpo-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-ekpo-4b553718a/)



<!--
![Type of ML](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML%20TYPE-MULTIVARIATE%20REGRESSION-red?style=for-the-badge)

<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/israel__bassey" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="israel__bassey" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/israel-bassey-828188163" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="israel-bassey-828188163" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.behance.net/israelbassey" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/behance.svg" alt="israelbassey" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>-->


<h1 align="left">Languages, Tools & Frameworks:</h1>


<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://www.langchain.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=for-the-badge&logo=chainlink&logoColor=white" alt="langchain" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangGraph-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=graph&logoColor=white" alt="langgraph" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://modelcontextprotocol.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MCP-FF6F61?style=for-the-badge&logo=probot&logoColor=white" alt="mcp" height="40"/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/fastapi/fastapi-original.svg" alt="fastapi" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.terraform.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/terraform/terraform-original.svg" alt="terraform" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=basseyisrael&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="basseyisrael" /></p>

<!--<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=basseyisrael&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="basseyisrael" /></p>-->

<!--<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=basseyisrael&" alt="basseyisrael" /></p>-->
